tonight allows people a release for all
the hatred and violence if they keep up
inside them this won't bring him back it
won't make you feel any better thank you
it is a night that is defining our
country
citizens this will be a tradition we
celebrate every year join the first
purge do you think says always see you
tonight people are now calling this
controversial experiment of legalized
crime the purge you and Isaiah just stay
with me doing a purge
they're gonna be fine on out we are here
with dr. main up Dale she came up with
this experiment is the purge a political
device it is a psychological one if we
want to save our country we must release
all our anger in one night tonight we'll
see the good and evil and everyone this
is your emergency broadcast system
announcing the commencement of the first
purge our neighborhood is under siege
from a government who doesn't give a
[ __ ] about any of us at the siren of
crime including murder will be legal for
12 hours there's a lot of good people
out there who we gonna have to protect
you all emergency services will be
suspended we gotta be prepared for
anything your government thanks you for
your participation parties you predicted
a much higher level of participation
human nature does not obey the laws of
politics
what the hell is going on
they all ex-military some funky going
down D receiving soldiers into the
island disguised as citizens this
country needs for this door
no one's coming to help us
after tonight nothing will ever be the
same again
they forgot about one thing they forgot
about us what have I done
thanks Tirana
I'm coming
just remember all the good the purge
does
[Music]